*WARNING*
	1.	Software is provided with ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY.
		Please read the licence terms (GPL v3).
	2.	Opening your Tivo cover will void manufacturers warranty.
	3.	Although program is not designed to do (and actually attempts to prevent) data
		loss and distruction, it certainly has a potential to do so.
		It is ultimately YOUR responsibility to backup, stow away and otherwise protect
		your data.

OVERVIEW
	This is a bootable Linux CD based on Slax distribution. It includes all software tools
	known to make a harddrive larger than the standard work in Tivo Premiere with expanded capacity.
	Basic usage, suitable for most users who only want to expand their Tivo disk capacity, is
	fully guided, based on simple-choice-prompt automated script.

	It was ONLY TESTED ON PREMIERE DISK.
	Also, it was not tested and probably will not work on multi-disk configurations.

	The full procedure of making a larger Tivo Premiere disk contains the following:
	1.	Taking the original disk out of the Tivo
	2.	Copying the original disk onto a new larger one
	3.	Doing modifications of structures on the new disk to make extra space available for Tivo
	4.	Installing the new disk back into Tivo.

	This CD helps doing steps #2 and #3 of this procedure.

USAGE BASIC
	1. Download CD disk image (ISO) here
	2. Burn it on CD
	3. Connect a Tivo disk and a new large disk to a computer
	4. Boot that computer from the CD burned in step #2.
	5. The guide will be started automatically, follow the prompts.

	If you ever find yourself in a shell (command prompt) you can:
	a) Restart the guide by
		"/root/guide.sh" command
	a) Shutdown the system by ony of:
		pressing Ctrl-D
		"exit" command,
		"logout" command
		"poweroff" command
	b) Reboot the system by ony of:
		pressing Ctrl-Alt-Del
		"reboot" command

	During the guided process there is a log file created "/root/log.log". If you experience any
	problems or errors please check that file for any etended error information. It would like
	to ask for assistance, please copy the log file somewhere, where you can access it later (e.g. mount
	an external USB drive or existing partitions and copy it there).

USAGE ADVANCED
	There are scripts included to run tools separately, outside of the guided prompt:

	1.	mfsadd.sh
		Expects 1 parameter - target drive for expansion (e.g. "/dev/sda").
		Drive must already contain copy of the original Tivo disk.
	2.	diskCopy.sh
		A "shortcut" for "ddrescue", expects two parameters: source disk and target disk or file name
		(e.g. "/dev/sda /dev/sdb" or "/dev/sda /mnt/sdb1/tivo.img").
	3.	mfslayout.sh
		Prints the layout of a Tivo disk. Usefull for testing/making sure the disk is OK.
		Expects 1 parameter - Tivo drive name (e.g. "/dev/sda").
	4.	jmfs.sh
		Base script to run a class from jmfs package. All arguments are passed to executed class.
